[DOC] Update FT.CREATE and FT.DROPINDEX temporary index deletion (#3234)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.dropindex.md

---
syntax: |
  FT.DROPINDEX index 
    [DD]
---

Delete an index

[Examples](#examples)

## Required arguments

<details open>
<summary><code>index</code></summary>

is full-text index name. You must first create the index using `FT.CREATE`.
</details>

## Optional arguments

<details open>
<summary><code>DD</code></summary>

drop operation that, if set, deletes the actual document hashes.

By default, FT.DROPINDEX does not delete the documents associated with the index. Adding the `DD` option deletes the documents as well. 

> If an index creation is still running (`FT.CREATE` is running asynchronously), only the document hashes that have already been indexed are deleted. 

Author: ```suggestion
If an index creation is still running (`FT.CREATE` is running asynchronously), only the documents that have already been indexed are deleted. 
```

> The document hashes left to be indexed remain in the database.

Author: ```suggestion
The documents left to be indexed remain in the database.
```

---
syntax: |

>   FT.DROPINDEX index 
>     [ DD]

Reviewer: Nitpick - consider a single line for simple commands or multi line - currently it is inconsistent
(some are spanning multi lines and some are not)
```suggestion
  FT.DROPINDEX index 
    [DD]
```
